README.md, before:

# XKit [![CI](https://github.com/new-xkit/XKit/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/new-xkit/XKit/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)

XKit is a small extension framework that powers tweaks for Tumblr.

## Get a release build
Currently we support [Firefox](https://new-xkit-extension.tumblr.com/firefox) and [Chrome](https://new-xkit-extension.tumblr.com/chrome) officially.  
We support Opera and Edge unofficially using the same file as the Chrome extension.

## Support [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-join_support_chat-7289DA.svg)](https://new-xkit-extension.tumblr.com/discord-support)

First, [check the list of issues](https://github.com/new-xkit/XKit/issues), and see if there's something there that looks like the problem you're having. Otherwise, [file a new issue](https://github.com/new-xkit/XKit/issues) or come join our support chat; just hop on over to our [Discord server](https://new-xkit-extension.tumblr.com/discord-support). We don't bite!

## Contribute [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-join_developer_chat-7289DA.svg)](https://new-xkit-extension.tumblr.com/discord)
XKit needs all the help it can get! If you want to help out, the first step is
finding something going wrong. There's a long list of known issues
[on our issues page](https://github.com/new-xkit/XKit/issues). The next step is to
[fix the bug](https://github.com/new-xkit/XKit/wiki/Fixing-a-bug).

Come join us in [the XKit Discord](https://new-xkit-extension.tumblr.com/discord) if you get stuck, or want some advice! There's normally a few people lurking in there any time of day.

### Writing a New Extension
Read the guide on [writing a new extension](./docs/extensions/Writing-a-New-Extension.md)!

### Develop XKit
Review the project prerequisites and learn how to [build XKit from source](./docs/contributing/Build-XKit.md).

Commit message:

chore: Link to project update post in readme (#2200)

README.md, after:

# XKit [![CI](https://github.com/new-xkit/XKit/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/new-xkit/XKit/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)

XKit is a small extension framework that powers tweaks for Tumblr.

## Get a release build

> [!NOTE]  
> New XKit does not use modern extension technologies and can no longer be added to most web browser installations. See this post on the New XKit blog for more information and alternatives: [Deprecating New XKit](https://www.tumblr.com/new-xkit-extension/788724612482662400/deprecating-new-xkit)

Currently we support [Firefox](https://new-xkit-extension.tumblr.com/firefox) and [Chrome](https://new-xkit-extension.tumblr.com/chrome) officially.  
We support Opera and Edge unofficially using the same file as the Chrome extension.

## Support [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-join_support_chat-7289DA.svg)](https://new-xkit-extension.tumblr.com/discord-support)

First, [check the list of issues](https://github.com/new-xkit/XKit/issues), and see if there's something there that looks like the problem you're having. Otherwise, [file a new issue](https://github.com/new-xkit/XKit/issues) or come join our support chat; just hop on over to our [Discord server](https://new-xkit-extension.tumblr.com/discord-support). We don't bite!

## Contribute [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-join_developer_chat-7289DA.svg)](https://new-xkit-extension.tumblr.com/discord)
XKit needs all the help it can get! If you want to help out, the first step is
finding something going wrong. There's a long list of known issues
[on our issues page](https://github.com/new-xkit/XKit/issues). The next step is to
[fix the bug](https://github.com/new-xkit/XKit/wiki/Fixing-a-bug).

Come join us in [the XKit Discord](https://new-xkit-extension.tumblr.com/discord) if you get stuck, or want some advice! There's normally a few people lurking in there any time of day.

### Writing a New Extension
Read the guide on [writing a new extension](./docs/extensions/Writing-a-New-Extension.md)!

### Develop XKit
Review the project prerequisites and learn how to [build XKit from source](./docs/contributing/Build-XKit.md).
